gobs:
has all animations

mimic:
idle - mimic_idle
walk_front - mimic_move
walk_side - mimic_move
walk_back - mimic_move
attack - mimic_attack

mush:
idle - _idle
walk_front - _move
walk_side - _move
walk_back - _move
attack - _move (faster)

pillbug:
idle - pill_bug_idle
walk_front - pill_bug_walk
walk_side - pill_bug_walk
walk_back - pill_bug_walk
attack - pill_bug_attack (rotating)

slime:
idle - slime_idle
walk_front - slime_move
walk_side - slime_move
walk_back - slime_move
attack - slime_attack

pillbug big: //rotate 90 CC
idle - //static
walk_front - pill_bug_move
walk_side - pill_bug_move
walk_back - pill_bug_move
attack - pill_bug_attack (rotating)

gobman:
idle - gobman_idle
walk_front - gobman_walk_front
walk_side - gobman_walk_front
walk_back - gobman_walk_back
attack - gobman_walk_front (sped up)

lizard:
idle - //static
walk_front - lizard_walk_front
walk_side - lizard_walk_side //rotate 90 CC
walk_back - lizard_walk_back
attack - ??